PLAT-141863: Skip resolving url() of absolute path (#244)
enactjs/cli: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

### pack

> * Updated webpack config to not support css/less files when absolute paths is found, to avoid build fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated css-loader options to not resolving url() of the absolute path to avoid build failures.
```
